adding warning note for QM SA Lifetime for site-to-site vpns (#1972)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-stack-docs: azure-stack/user/azure-stack-vpn-s2s.md

| QM SA Lifetime                                       | (Optional: default values are used if not specified)<br />                         Seconds (integer; min. 300/default 27000 seconds)<br />                         KBytes (integer; min. 1024/default 102400000 KBytes) |
| Traffic Selector                                     | Policy-based Traffic Selectors are not supported in Azure Stack Hub.         |

> [!NOTE] Setting the QM SA Lifetime too low will require unnecessary re-keying degrading performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[!NOTE] Setting the QM SA lifetime too low requires unnecessary re-keying, which can degrade performance.
```
